- Beeper iOS 0.1.9 Internal Release Note
Release 0.1.9 is on TestFlight:
(1) Swapped out the touch element so instead creating shadows on touch, it just dims the touch element.  This removes the background artifact of elements that have no background image.
(2) Changed the sorting of the KPI to base on worst to best values instead of colors.
(3) Readjusted the KPI max and min values on chart to at least show 10% or 10Kbps range IF the chart is a flat line chart.
(4) Fixed the front-end 5 KPI display bugs in the SectorDetail screen.
(5) Implemented the user profile screen and populated the information from Parse backend user profile DB into the user profile screen.
(6) Integrated Intercom and allowed the ability to invoke it in the user profile by pressing the conversational icon.

- Beeper iOS 0.2.1 Internal Release Note
Release 0.2.1 is on TestFlight:
(1) Fixed a bug on User Profile to show the right First Name and Last Name on the title.
(2) Made minor cosmetic adjustments on UI.
(3) Completed the User Registration story by adding password update step if the Parse "isUpdatePassword" field is set to "True". After the password is updated, the "isUpdatePassword" field in Parse will set to "False" by the App.
  >>>> Please use your own first name as your login and initial password.  "dev" login is no longer valid.
(4) Completed the User Profile story per UI design and Story.
(5) 24-hour in-acitivity login credential expiration period implemented. User's login and password will be autofilled when re-login within the 24-hour window.  You can just press "LOGIN" to login without typing.  This scheme allows user to use different login credential if needed.
(6) Added Application ID and Application Key prompts to connect to the correct BAAS app in Parse.  User can also change the App ID and App Key in the user profile. This is one time only but if app is uninstalled and re-installed, these will be asked again.

  Here are the app ID and app Key for our development BAAS app in Parse:

  - Beeper - Development:  (Use this set!)

   App ID:  Df3vSYw5LPzc8ETCwflAdhkq9NFplAmuApK600Go
   App Key: 8TX1uMCvgzSNKM0kUxeLYpRC19CzTEpCxhvciiVj

  >>>> Best way to enter these info is to put these strings on your phone in email/slack/document form so you can cut and paste on to the app when asked.

  The "Beeper - Thumb" BAAS app in Parse, which will be used for Thumb support, will have its own application ID/Key set.

- Beeper iOS 0.2.2 Internal Release Note
Release 0.2.2 is on TestFlight:
(1) Completed network performance KPI story with new backend data.
(2) Completed site performance KPI story with new backend data.
(3) Completed sector performance KPI story with new backend data.
(4) Completed sector detail story with new backend data.
(5) Sector location and map is working with new backend data.
(6) Added Intercom "Forgotten username/password" user on pressing the "Forgotten username or password" link.
(7) Now showing "No Data" in network/site/sector/sector-detail screens when there is no data for a KPI.
(8) "No Data" KPI table cell is now placed at the end of the list and shown as "Yellow".
(9) Changed the area sort to sort by color first then by alphabetically.
(10) Changed the default map radius to 10 miles to showcase neighboring sites.

- Beeper iOS 0.2.3 Internal Release Note
Release 0.2.3 is on TestFlight:
(1) Fixed the sector details map annotation popup to show only site name if the sector is not the selected sector.
(2) Removed the diagnosis and remedy tabs in sector details.
(3) Changed the "Performance" tab to "Sector Performance (SECTOR_NAME)".
(4) Widened the map diameter to 110 miles or radius of 55 miles to show all sites within that radius.
(5) Fixed the DT/UT icon mixed up problem.
(6) Removed the CS Fallback KPI in sector details.
(7) Made the map bigger on the sector details in portrait mode since now there are only four KPIs.

- Beeper iOS 0.2.5 Internal Release Note
(1) Allows all sectors to be displayed on the map by removing the search for neighboring sectors and just show all sectors.
(2) Changed the default map diameter to 50 miles to show less crowded sectors on the map.
(3) Modified the map annotations to only show "Network - SectorName" when user clicks on focused sector on the map.
(4) Reduced the several letter fonts to fit better for iPhone 6.
(5) Replaced "Alpha Release" image the Launch image.
(6) Added additional Mixpanel tracking events and properties for "Beeper - Thumb" iOS app.
(7) Mixpanel Token is changed from hardcoded to obtain automatically from the new master control DB in Parse.
(8) Changed the KPI items with "No Data" to grey background color.
(9) Changed the Sector Details KPI items with "No Data" to grey color.
(10) Added a new App ID and Key control system with these new set of Application ID and Key:

  - "Beeper - Thumb"
   Application ID: yj1PYQftAo
   Application Key: dj35AnncE1

  - "Beeper - Development"
   Application ID: Df3vSYw5LP
   Application Key: 8TX1uMCvgz

- Beeper iOS 0.2.6 Internal Release Note
  (1) Put in the Alpha release login screen.
  (2) Fixed the chart problem.
  (3) Added App Version" in Mixpanel stats (AppLauch, AppActive, AppInactive, AppLogin).

- Beeper iOS 0.2.7 Internal Release Note
  (1) Fixed a software typo that caused program to exit when the Data Accessibility is showing red in the Sector Details.
  (2) Decreased cached results, now the app always retrieves new data when a page is entered.

- Beeper iOS 0.2.9 Internal Release Note
  (1) Added real-time validation for Application ID and Key when entering them.
  (2) Added a prompt to ask user's name for a the 'Forgotten Username or Password' so they can create a new Intercom conversation.
  (3) Added detection of connection problem when logging in and show connection problem message for user.
  (4) Removed the DA/DR/UT/DT icons in the app and changed the ordering of the thresholds to Red => Yellow => Green.
  (5) Fixed problem in boundary conditions when comparing threshold color.
  (6) Added iOS push notification in the app and an morning reminder via server code.
  (7) Revised the the Sector Detail KPI list to ListView from the ScrollView to allow displaying of additional KPIs.
  (8) Added the ability to change and download/upload the profile photo from and to the server.
  (9) Added the ability to logout.

  Application ID and Key list:

    - "Beeper - Thumb"
     Application ID: yj1PYQftAo
     Application Key: dj35AnncE1

   - "Beeper - Thumb Support"
     Application ID: F3OkLKbbkC
     Application Key: uqs6WloAZA

   - "Beeper - Development"
     Application ID: Df3vSYw5LP
     Application Key: 8TX1uMCvgz

- Beeper iOS 0.3.0 Internal Release Note
  (1) Put in the sector count touch navigating to the single color only sector screen. (red/yellow/green only, grey ones may still appear in other colors)
  (2) Removed the extra spinner bug on the profile picture.
  (3) Added software version and release notes in the user profile.
  (4) Automatically log user out when App ID and Key are changed in the user profile.
  (5) Added Mixpanel user profile logging.
  (6) Added Mixpanel push notifications.
  (7) Added Intercom push notifications.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.1 Internal Release Note
  (1) Fixed app crash by changing out the ListView to a new one that releases memory when a cell is moved out of view.
  (2) Reduced the table cell background Green/Yellow/Red/Grey image resolution by 1/3 to reduce frame drops due to more dynamic memory allocation.
  (3) Changed the background color of newtork/site/sector screens to light grey.
  (4) Enabled user to take/pick profile picture by touching the profile photo.
  (5) Revised the profile section tab to grey and the line to hairline grey.
  (6) Removed sign-out confirmation and allow user to sign out right away.
  (7) Removed the ability to change Application ID and Key in the app due to the problem with multiple push registration with OS.
  (8) Fixed a problem where Front-end is showing zeros when the data points have no data.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.2 Internal Release Note
  (1) Fixed the short line average plot when some data are missing from the backend.
  (2) Added pull-to-refresh on all list views on all screens.
  (3) Completed a story #651: The sector detail KPI list is now sorted from worst to best and, within the same color, alphabetically.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.3 Internal Release Note
  (1) Changed the "No Network Data" message to indicate maintenance windows or error in getting data.  (requires new service API changes)
  (2) New Mixpanel events
    - New "App Background" event that shows App is now put in background and suspended.
    - Active "Duration" embedded in the "App Background" event, using that Duration, you should be able to derive user App session time.
    - Fixed incorrect "App Inactive" event.
    - New "Sector Count" event.
    - Fixed incorrect user identity.
  (3) New modal message showing the maintenance hours or system failure.  (Maintenance hour will only be seen with the new service API)
  (4) Draw green threshold line instead of the dailyAverage on chart.
  (5) Better clearing of the App Badge number via App Active detection.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.4 Internal Release Note
  (1) Added support for supporting any KPI sent by the backend and
  (2) Added support for V2 service API.
  (3) Added the ability to display the number of dailyAverage digits dynamically based on the number.
  (4) Readjust the KPI chart to show the green threshold clear.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.5 Internal Release Note
  (1) Added grey sector count in network page.
  (2) Added dailyAverage equal to null handling code.
  (3) Fixed auto-login random application ID and Key bug #822.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.6 Internal Release Note
  (1) Fixed the app ID/Key installation problem from last release.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.7 Internal Release Note
  (1) Added tab view with two tabs: performance and feed.
  (2) Added the ability to create several backend Parse tables based on the data obtained at the front-end.
  (3) Disabled map heading rotation due to the problem with sector symbol azimuth not rotating with it and currently there is no way to detect the map heading angle in RN.
  (4) Added the comment icon and the comment page and the ability to submit comments.
  (5) Added the comment and feed retrieval.
  (6) Added new list view to show inverted lists in comment box and feed screen.
  (7) Added push notification and badge number is cleared when the Feed tab is opened.

- Beeper iOS 0.3.8 Internal Release Note
  (1) Separated into three # tags per channel. And made them all lower cases.
  (2) Able to display user friendly names and profile pictures of other users.

- Beeper iOS 0.4.0 Internal Release Note
  (1) Fixed a bug where comment is not showing up in the comment box due to lower case changes in the last release.
  (2) Removed additional in-app alert notification.  However, user might still get OS alert notification if app is running.
  (3) Added badge number on the feed icon via quick and dirty hack of local storage via front-end code only.
  (4) Refresh and clear app badge counts and feed badge counts in strategic places.

- Beeper iOS 0.4.1 Internal Release Note
  (1) Added more strategy point to refresh feed badge count.
  (2) Removed the Alpha release label images.
  (3) Added touch navigation from Feed comment to the correct screen and display comment.
  (4) Formatted the comment hours and minutes with leading zero.
  (5) Removed leading and trailing spaces and new lines from the comments.

- Beeper iOS 0.4.2 Internal Release Note
  TODO:
  - Need to add Mixpanel events for the comment box and feed as well.  Not sure how details that would be.
  - KPI target

- TODO:

  (1) Changed the header dates to the actual date instead of just the day before.
  (1) KPI sector colors are displayed on the map's sectors' leaves.
